updating Deny virtual machine with un managed disk policy to Built-in (#1266)
Azure/Enterprise-Scale: docs/wiki/Whats-new.md

- Added new initiative and assignment to enable Azure Compute Security Baseline compliance auditing for Windows and Linux virtual machines (`Enforce-ACSB`)
- Updated the initiative `Deny-PublicPaaSEndpoints` to include additional policies available to block public access for PaaS services
  - Updated [storage](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyadvertizer/b2982f36-99f2-4db5-8eff-283140c09693.html) and [Key Vault](https://www.azadvertizer.net/azpolicyadvertizer/405c5871-3e91-4644-8a63-58e19d68ff5b.html) to use new policies using the `/publicNetworkAccess` alias

> - Added new assignment to deny deployment of virtual machines and scalesets using unmanaged OS disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new assignment to deny deployment of virtual machines and virtual machine scale sets using unmanaged OS disks.
```
